Add sync case  to MutationExecutor::executeCreateBelongsToMany (#731)
nuwave/lighthouse: docs/master/guides/relationships.md

}
```

> It is also possible to use sync instead of connect, to sync te relationship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to use the `sync` operation to ensure only the given IDs
will be contained withing the relation.
```
